Add main level README (#12)
ipdk-io/ipu-playbook: README.md

> # IPU-Playbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IPU Playbook
```
You wouldn't normally hyphenate this.

> Welcome to the IPDK IPU Playbook repository! This repository is designed to provide resources, guidance and automation scripts for enabling offload features for Intel&reg; Infrastructure Processing Units (IPUs) such as Intel&reg; E2100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the IPDK IPU Playbook repository! This repository is designed to provide resources, guidance, and automation scripts for enabling offload features for Intel&reg; Infrastructure Processing Units (IPUs) such as Intel&reg; E2100.
```
I would suggest breaking this into 80-character (or less) lines, and let Markdown run them together.

## Features

### OVS Offload

> Offload Open vSwitch (OVS) operations to the IPU, enhancing network performance and efficiency. [View OVS offload guide here](./ovs_offload).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offloads Open vSwitch (OVS) operations to the IPU, enhancing network performance and efficiency. See the [OVS Offload Guide](./ovs_offload) for more information.
```
You're not telling the reader to do something ("Offload OVS operations to the IPU! Stat!"), you're telling them about the OVS Offload feature ("The OVS Offload feature does this...").

The preferred approach when supplying a link to another document is to write a sentence that includes the the name of the document, and then the name the hyperlink. It's less intrusive. The text reads more naturally this way.

### IPsec Acceleration

> Offload IPsec operations to the IPU for improved security. [View IPsec acceleration guide here](./ipsec_accel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offloads IPsec operations to the IPU, for improved security. See the [IPsec Acceleration Guide](./ipsec_accel) for more information.
```
Same as above.
